Good morning, welcome to IBM IELTS Academy. This is the speaking section of the IELTS exam. The interview will take around 15 minutes. I will ask you some questions in three parts, okay? Examiner is Sarah Parker and examiner number is 7-9-2-0-2-1. Candidate is David Smith and candidate number is 2-3-5-8-9. May I see your ID card? Here you are. Okay? Thank you. What's your full name? My name is David and my last name is Smith. I'm from Sweden and I'm 27 years old. Okay. Where are you from? I'm from Sweden. Do you work or study? I study for English language for IS exam and I like to immigrate to another country. Okay. Do you have any job? I used to work in a factory that is homemade furniture, but now I'm used to study foreign language. Did you treat your co-worker as well? Yes, in the quarter, where I used to work in that place, the quarter is good and behave very well. What responsibilities did you have at work? I have many responsibilities at work and you can do everything very well and you can't break anything or like this, just like this. Are there good job opportunities in your country? Yes, for all men it's clear and although the good job have a good salary and income for co-worker and for doing very well for co-worker and the league. Okay, very good. So, I'll give you a cue card and you have one minute to take a note and think about it, then you should talk around two minutes, okay? It's your cue card and you can take a note here. Okay, time's up. Would you please give it? Okay, you can have it. All right, now you may talk. My best friend in my life is my neighbor and I have known with him at university and I feel better with him because when I'm depressed or angry I go out with him and I prefer to have a good time with him because he feel he feel me better and helped me to have a good time and helped me in some situation and condition and I can go out with him and doing everything in their home, in his home, and go out to park or go shopping with him. I can buy anything with him and do some hobbies like play computer games or play some hobbies like soccer and other things. Thank you. Do you want to have a few best friends or a lot of friends? In my opinion, I have a few friends who are loyal and help you in some situation or doing everything that you like is much better than you had a lot of friends or people. If you had a problem, would you go to your friends or family and why? If I have a problem, I prefer or I'd like to go, I'd like to stay with my families and have some solution for solving these problems and some change for helping me in some difficulties and sometimes friends can help you in some situation but not really that. Do you think it's always better to talk to your friends about your problems? Can you repeat again? Yes. Do you think it's always better to talk to your friends about your problems? I told you in some situation, yes, but for always it's not good because it's better to say for some people who have experience in that situation and you can and you can have some good results in this situation and so it helps you to have good results or benefits. Is it necessary to have friends from other countries Yes, it's necessary because when you can have some goals or aims in foreign country, he or she or there can help you in some situation and you can some speaking or talking about your problems with him Okay. Thank you. That is the end of your speaking test. Thank you. Alright, so I have some tips for you. First of all, IELTS exam is a test for assessing your general knowledge. For example, you should know a lot of topic-related vocabularies or good range of grammar, okay? Although actually you didn't have so many, you know, grammatical points. while you were speaking. Pay attention to even basic grammars. For example, when you are talking about a past tense, you should use verbs in past tense. OK? Or when you are speaking in present tense, you should choose present verbs. OK? It's very important. Moreover, pay attention to some grammatical points. For example, after modal verbs like can, you should use base form. For example, I can play. He can do. All right? You had some errors and mistakes related to this grammatical point. You understand what I'm talking about. You can get what is the question, but sometimes you have a lot of hesitation. You need to think for a long time. It's not good. You know, you should practice a lot, especially at home in front of a mirror. You can practice it. You can speak with yourself. In this case, maybe your speaking will be better. For pronunciation, or for improving your pronunciation, you can download some audios, or you can buy some books, self-study books, and you should repeat again and again. You can listen to podcasts or songs or even watch movies. It would be really helpful to improve your pronunciation. Try to read more samples. IL samples are available on the internet, and if you read them and repeat their ideas or grammatical features, it is really, really helpful. In this case, you got 3.5, which is not bad, but that's really good. You should try harder than this. Thank you. You're very welcome. Hi there, I have some tips for you. Be careful, be careful about your general English. It's really important to have at least intermediate level or upper intermediate level. So for those who are beginner or starter, it's not a good idea to participate in IELTS speaking test or totally in IELTS test. In this case, you cannot gain a good score. Well, candidates who are beginners cannot make complex sentences. Even they have problems when they want to make simple sentences. So it's important to improve your grammatical range. They have a lot of hesitation. They think about what they want to say and how they want to say. They cannot speak smoothly and fluently. Unfortunately, these candidates have a plethora of problems in terms of pronunciation features. So I highly recommend you not to participate in IELTS exam when you are starter or beginner. Please improve your general English at least up to intermediate or upper intermediate level. Thank you.
