This IELTS speaking test will be recorded for assessment purpose.
The speaking test will roughly last between 11 to 14 minutes.
Before we start part 3 of the speaking test, can I see your identification?
Yeah, here you go.
Okay, thank you so much.
Let's now start part 3 of the speaking test where we are going to discuss about photographs.
Tell me, why do people like taking photographs?
From my perspective, people like taking photographs because it helps to preserve important memories that they want to keep looking at in the future.
In addition, photographs also help to preserve memories about our special or important moments such as anyone's, it could be anyone's birthday or any special occasion or family gatherings that we want to look at in the future to remember a good experience.
and also that photographs also helps as a way to express our experiences with our family and friends in today's world okay do you think people take more photographs nowadays than in the past yes without a doubt because in the past we need more resources such as a camera person a different camera it could be photograph papers which was more like expensive and less convenient but in contracts in today's generation almost everyone have a mobile phone or smartphone with high quality cameras so photograph has become a really accessible thing in today's generation great
what are the advantages of keeping photographs oh there are many several advantages of keeping photographs such as photographs helps to like keep a moment in a picture in a paper that we can access or like we can see in the future so that we'll remember not to forget that and also that in addition photographs also helps to strengthen our emotional bond because when we look at a photograph a printed photograph with our families it can make a beautiful moment uh without with them so yeah photograph has a really several advantages nice Let me ask you the last question for part three of the speaking test. How has social media changed the way people use photographs? Oh yeah, social media has changed drastically the way people use photographs because in past when we talk about photographs as all like a way to store the memories but in today's generation we can say that social media has changed the way for a photograph is being used because it can be also used to share the experience with the world without like going out of our comfort zone we can sit in our place and just share our experiences as a photograph with other peoples okay that's it so that's the end of part three of the speaking test you did a good job thank you so much thank you
